How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the
 bug that was introduced?

    By seeing the differences between the files I was able to make out 
    where I had inadvertently indroduced a bug

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?
	as a programmer i make incremental changes.  after a period of time I have made a large
	number of changes and if something goes wrong it will be useful to 
	step back in time and look at prior changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google docs does?
	Pros-versions are saved at meaningful times, each version is 'complete'
		Commits don't happen 'in between', making comparisons difficult
	Cons- you can go too long w/o commit and if there is a crash you could lose changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Primarily because Google Docs deals with individual documents that are not part of
	a whole or are related.  It's not geared towards programming whereas Git is.  When
	programming we have multiple files as part of a project and they all need to be in
	sync

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log lists all the commits that have happened to files in the repository in r
	reverse chronolgical sequence.
	git diff lets us know what changed between any two commits by using the commit id's

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break
 something?		
 	I know I can step thru older versions of my code and get to a point where the 
 	bug wasn't present and thus determine which version introduced the bug.  Then I can
 	 compare this version with the one immediately prior to see what caused the bug.

 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
 	to learn javascript thru udacity